Blog v0.52: review the summary and remove the LogQuery entry (#97)
perses/website: docs/blog/posts/v0.52.0.md

This new release of Perses, version 0.52.0, brings several new features and improvements following the major changes
operated in the previous release 0.51.0.

> We have added more plugins that allows us to support **Continuous Profiling** and thanks to the community we are able
> now to display the **Logs**.
> We are also launching the **Heatmap** panel that was spoiled in the last release note.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Thanks to both team & community contributions, 2 more pillars of observability are now supported in Perses: *Logging** and *Continuous Profiling**!
We are also launching the **Heatmap** panel that was spoiled in the last release note.
```
